it's actually a clean day today so it
okay to be up in the songs in this
afternoon and I'm excited to do a new
little project this is a copyrighted
pattern so of course I can't cream but
make it for myself but we were in a
fabric store recently and so some of
these made up mr. vinyl was called a
vinyl grocery tote but it's a toast and
it's going to be using this like I am on
vinyl stuff that is called this one is
called thermal web vinyl it's an iron on
and I've got fabric today to make -
totes however I only have enough final
to make one tote so I am going to start
with these choices right here this is
going to be the outside of one bag and
this is going to be the lining of this
bag the second bag is going to be this
green when I get some more vinyl with
this is the lining and I'm using this
fabric that has both the colors in it
for the handles so the handles for that
one as well as this one so I've just
pressed the first half yard piece for my
the outside of the bag and I need to now
try to put the vinyl onto it so we'll
see how that works and then we press it
so see how that goes
okay my fabric is eliminated you can see
the light reflecting off of it it's
going to be the lining
this is going to be the outside feeling
this is color run this isn't coming
through I don't even know what to call
it because it's just kind of a bright
cheery color but it looks kind of on to
me right now as I'm filming this so
we'll see if it's all the less that
comes out but they're all laminated go
to the next step
okay know that the too many pieces are
laminated it's time to make the handles
so it's the fabric that the handles is
being made up and the cutsies in two and
a half inch strips with the fabrics and
has it well that I bought when I bought
the vinyl that has enough to do this to
handle so it was just a matter of
pressing in a quarter inch on each side
and then solving this over I'll be top
stitching this this handle is pressed
and ready to sew so the sewing along
that edge with the two folded edges are
probably assumed in the middle of the
scene over here and this is done anybody
put on when I get to that step first
craft is done I did a little stretching
on each edge and one down the middle
I think that'll help me reinforce it
enough one down one to go